2018-09-07 20:59:41
Seiko is a nurse.
She works in a hospital in the center of Tokyo.
She takes a bus to and from work.
The trip from home to the hospital takes about 30 minutes.
Her schedule varies.
She usually works 4 or 5 days a week.
In some weeks she works late at night.
In other weeks she works during a day.
When she finishes work, she's always tired.

Seiko works very hard. But she likes her job.
She likes to help her patients.
Some of her patients are very old.
Some of them are very close to death.
Some of them are very young.
They have long life ahead. - 他们还有很长的未来生活
Some of her patients have broken bones.
It takes time for them to get better.

She also enjoys working with the doctors.
The doctors in her hospital are very good.
She and the doctors work well together.
They do their best to help the patients.
She thinks it's an excellent hospital.
She's happy work here.

A triangle.
A triangle has 3 sides.
In this triangle, sides AB and BC are perpendicular to each other.
A square.
A square has 4 equal sides.
All 4 angles are right angles, or 90-degrees.
Two intersecting lines.
These 2 lines intersect, or cross, at a 90-degree angle.
They are perpendicular to each other.
A circle is round.
All points on a circle are the same distance from its center.
Two parallel lines.
These 2 lines never intersect, because they are parallel.

Watch something.
They are watching a movie on television.
Meet someone.
He is meeting her for the first time.
Talk with someone
He is talking with a friend on his phone.
Work with someone.
She is working with her co-worker.
Interview someone.
She is interviewing a famous basketball player.


2018-09-08 13:32:02
A box.
This box has 3 dimensions: length, weight and height.
Its length and weight are both 1 centimeter
Its height is 1.5 centimeters.
A grey ball.
This ball weighs 1 kilogram or 2.2 pounds.
A moving car.
This car's speed is 60 miles per hour or about 97 kilometers an hour.
Two moving cars.
These two cars are moving in the opposite direction.
The red car is going west and the green car is going east.
Two purses.
These two purses are look the same, but their cost is quite different.
The purse on the left costs $100 more than the purse on the right.

A: "Good evening, sir."
   "May I help you?"
B: "Good evening."
   "I'd like a room please."
A: "Do you have a reservation?"
B: "No, I'm afraid not."
A: "No reservation?"
   "I'm sorry, sir."
   "We don't have any rooms for tonight."
B: "I really need a room"
   "Don't you have anything?"
A: "No sir, We're completely full."
B: "Is there another hotel nearby?"
   "Can you recommend one?"
A: "There is another 5-star hotel just down the street."
   "Maybe they still have rooms."
B: "Yes, I know that hotel. It's too expensive."
   "Do you know any other hotels nearby?"
A: "Well, There's a 3-star hotel not far away."
   "The rooms are small, but it's clean."
B: "Could you give me its number?"
A: "I can call them for you if you like."
B: "Yes, could you?"
...
A: "Sir, I called them and they have several rooms."
   "You can go there now and check in it."
B: "Thanks, I'll stay there tonight".
   "How about tomorrow night? Do you have any rooms for tomorrow night?"
A: "Yes, I think we do."
B: "Okay, I'd like to reserve a room for the next 3 nights."
   "Here's my credit card. What time can I check in tomorrow ?"
A: "Check in time is 2:30."
B: "Okay, I'll back at 2:30 tomorrow. Thanks for your help."
A: "You are welcome, sir."

2018-09-10 15:57:00
This is what Lisa did earlier today.
This morning, She got up at 6:30;
She got dressed, between 6:30 to 6:40.
It took 10 minutes for her to get dressed.
At 6:45, she ate breakfast.
After breakfast she brushed her teeth.
She left for school at 7 o'clock.
This morning she took the subway to school.
It took 45 minutes to get to school.
She got to school at 7:45.
Her first class began at 8 o'clock.
At twelve, she had lunch with her friends.
After lunch she had classes until 2:50.
She left school around 3 o'clock.
She got home a few minutes ago, at 3:45.
This is what Lisa is going to do for the rest of the day.
It's now 3:50 and she is cleaning her room.
She is putting away her clothes.
She is also deciding what she's going to wear tomorrow.
In about 10 minutes, she's going to practice the piano.
She usually practices for about 45 minutes.
After practicing ,She's going to do some homework.
She does homework until dinner time which is at 6:00.
After dinner she's going to wash the dishes.
From 7:00 until around 9:00, she's going to her homework.
She may call her friends on the phone, so they can work together.
After finishing her homework she's going to read.
She's reading a very book.
She stated it last week.
Tonight, she's going to finish it.
After she finishes it, She'll turn off the light and go to sleep.

2018-09-12 21:38:13
This Sunday, Dan's going to have a party.
It's going to be at his house.
The best way to go there is by subway.
If you go by car, there's no place to park.
These are the directions to Dan's house.
Take the subway to west 8th street.
Go out the North exit.
In front of the exit is a park.
Turn right and go two blocks, to 3rd Avenue.
When you get there, turn left and go about 50 meters.
The house will be on your right.
The address is 755 3rd Avenue.
Sometimes there's a large dog in front of the house.
Don't be afraid. It won't bite.

A cube.
A cube is a 3 dimensional object with equal sides.
A circle.
A circle has a radius and a diameter.
A sphere.
A sphere is round and has shape of a ball.
Perpendicular lines.
Perpendicular lines meet at a 90-degree angle.
Area.
The area of a rectangle is its length times its width.
Volume.
The volume of a cube is it its length times its width times its height.
Fingers.
We have 5 fingers on each hand.
We use our fingers to hold things.
Toes.
We have 5 toes on each foot.
They're at the end of each foot.
Legs.
We use our legs to walk.
Our feet are at the end of each leg.
Arms.
We use our arms to carry thing.
Our hands are at the end of each arm.
teeth
Our teeth are in our mouse.
We use our teeth to chew food.

2018-09-16 15:16:27
The Sun.
The Sun gives us energy.
The Moon.
The light from the moon comes from the sun.
Earth.
This is our planet it goes around the sun once a year.
The Earth travels around the sun.
Stars.
We see stars as small points of light in the night sky.
Galaxy.
A galaxy has billions of stars.
Except for our own galaxy, They're very far away.

A: Good Afternoon, May I help you?
B: Yes ,I'd like to look some of your dresses.
   There're on sale, right?
A: Yes, everything is on sale.
B: Can you recommend something?
A: Is this for business or casual?
B: It's something of the office.
A: Well, We have some very nice black dresses.
B: May I've see them?
A: Sure, Please come with me.
   Here are 2 very nice black dresses.
   One is fairly short and the other is ankle length.
B: They both look very nice.
A: Why don't you try them on?
   There's a dressing room over there.
B: Sure, thanks.
...
B: The short one is nice but a bit too sexy for the office.
   What do you think?
A: It looks very nice on you.
   If you wear this white jacket with it, It doesn't show too much.
B: Yes, It covers my arms, I like it.
   How much is it.
A: After the discount, It's 300$.
B: 300$? Does that include the white jacket?
A: No, It doesn't. The white jacket is 150$.
B: What about the other dress?
   I'd like to try it on too.
...
B: What do you think?
A: I think it looks great on you.
   It shows your figure, but not too much.
B: I think it's too big in the waist.
A: We can fix that, we can take it in a bit.
B: What about the price.
A: After the discount, It's 350$.
B: If I buy the white jacket too, can you give me a better price?
A: Yes, I think I can give you another 10% discount.
B: So that's 450$ for both of them, right?
A: Yes, That's right.
B: Okey, could you hold them for a couple of hours?
   I want my husband to see them.
   He can help me decide.
A: Okey ,I'll hold them for you until 4:00.
B: Thanks, I'll be back in around an hour.

2018-09-21 21:49:06
Christina works in a department store.
She sells women's clothing.
She also sells cosmetics, like lipstick and perfume.
Many of her customers are young women.
They spend lots of money.
They buy dresses because they want to be beautiful.
Christina help them decide which dress to buy.
Christina works from 10:00 until 7:00.
After work, She meets her boy friend.
They usually meet in front of the department store.
He's always waiting there ,Except in rainy weather.
On rainy days. He waits at the subway stop.
It's across the street from the department store.
They usually have dinner together.
Sometimes they eat dinner in his apartment.
He has a nice apartment because he has a good job.
He earns a lot of money.
He is also an excellent cook.
He can cook Italian and Mexican food.
Christina isn't very good cook.
She doesn't like cooking.
But she likes to design new clothes.
She wants to became a clothing designer.
Someday she wants to open her own shop.

2018-09-24 16:58:27
The Jackson family lives in this apartment building.
Their apartment is on the 5th floor.
Behind building is a pond and some trees.
In front of building is a street.
If you look on the map ,it's this street, 1st Avenue.
1st Avenue goes North-South.
Their building is on the West side of the street.
Across the street is a small shopping center.
It's on the East side of the street.
You can buy food there, such meat and vegetables
You can also buy clothes and toys for kids.
There're many small shops in the shopping center.
On the East side of the street, there's a subway entrance.
It's about 20 meters North of the shopping center.
Lisa and her sister take the subway to school.
Their parents also take the subway.
They take the subway to work.
They don't own a car.
A car is too expensive.
They don't have enough money for a car.

Here are some things to wear.
Pants.
This is a pair of red pants.
A dress.
Women and girls wear dresses.
A shirt.
This is a purple shirt.
A blouse.
This is a pink blouse.
Shoes.
These are men's shoes.

2018-09-26 06:19:50
A: Do you want have a lunch?
B: Yes, I do.
   Where do you want to meet?
A: Let's meet in front of the subway.
B: Which entrance?
A: Let's meet at the South entrance.
   It's on the 1st Avenue.
B: Where on 1st Avenue?
A: It's about 50 meters North of the shopping center.
B: Okey, What time do you want to meet?
A: Let's meet at 12:30 ok?
B: How about 12:45?
A: Okey 12:45 is good.
B: What do you want to eat?
A: I don't know.
   What kind of food do you like?
B: How about a pizza?
A: Sure, There's a good pizza restaurant in the shopping center.
B: Okey, Let's go there for lunch.
A: Great, see you at 12:45.
B: bye-bye.

2018-09-29 17:50:58
A: Excuse me, which way is the subway from here.
B: There're 2 subway stops near here.
   Which line do you want?
A: I want line 10.
B: Go South on 1st Avenue.
   It's about 200 meters from here.
   The subway entrance is on the East side of the street.
A: Which side we on now?
B: We are on the West side.
A: So, 200 meters South then cross the street. right?
B: Yes, That's right.
A: Thanks a lot.
B: You are welcome.

2018-09-30 09:27:39
Here are some things to wear.
Pants.
This is a pair of red Pants.
A dress.
Women and girls wear dresses.
A shirt.
This is a purple shirt.
A blouse.
This is a pink blouse.
Shoes.
These are man's shoes.

The Jacksons live in a nice apartment.
It's in a nice building.
It's also expensive.
The apartment isn't theirs.
They don't own it.
Another person owns it.
That person is the owner of the apartment.
The Jacksons rent it from the owner.
That means they pay money to the owner.
The Jacksons pay rent every month.
Their rent is about 30% of their income.
Fortunately, they both have jobs.
They two incomes.
Together, Their salaries are enough to live.
But they don't have enough money for a car.
The Jacksons have many expenses.
Their largest expense is the rent.
It's about 30% of their income.
The second largest expense is for their children's education.
Their schools are not free.
They pay for their kids to go to school.
Their other expense include food and clothes.
They also save some every month.
They save about 10% of their income.
They put this money in the bank.

2018-10-02 00:56:30
A bus stop.
People get on a bus at a bus stop.
A train station.
People get on a train at a train station.
A taxi stand.
People wait for a taxi at a taxi stand.
A subway entrance.
A subway stop has several entrances.
An airport.
Airplanes take off and land at an airport.

Eyes.
We use our eyes to see things.
Ears.
Our ears are on the left and right sides of our head.
A nose.
Our nose is below our eyes and above our mouth.
A mouth.
Our mouth is below our nose.
Hands.
We use our hands to pick up things.
A brain.
Our brain is inside our head.

It's morning.
People get up in the morning and the day begins.
It's afternoon.
People eat lunch in the afternoon.
It's evening.
People eat dinner in the evening.
It's night.
At night, people go to bed.
It's day time.
It's light during the day because the sun is up.
It's night time.
It's dark night because the sun is down.

2018-10-02 09:05:52
A: Good afternoon, May I help you?
B: Yes, I'm looking for a summer dress.
A: Do want a long dress or a shot dress?
B: I want something shot but not too shot.
A: What about color?
   Do you have a favorite color?
B: I like blue. Do you have a blue dresses?
A: Yes, We have several blue dresses.
B: May I see them?
A: sure, Please come with me.
   Here are 2 short blue dresses.
B: I like this one. How much is it?
A: It's usually $100 but it's on sale today.
B: So how much is it today?
A: I can give you a 20% discount.
B: So that's $80 right?
A: Yes, do want to try it on?
B: Yes, Where can I put it on?
A: There's a dressing room over there.
A: How does it fit?
B: It fits well.
A: You look beautiful.
B: Thanks, But it's still too expensive.
   Can you give me lower price?
A: Sorry, I'm afraid not.
   That's the lowest price I can give you.
B: How about the other dress?
A: It's a little more expensive.
   It's $120.
B: Is this on sale?
A: No, I'm afraid not.
B: Well, I really like this dress.
A: Okey, $80 is a good price for it.
B: I'll buy it.
A: Can you pay with cash?
B: No, I want to use my credit card.
A: Sure, No problem.
   We take all credit cards.
B: Great.

2018-10-03 09:01:09
This is Ben Harris.
He and his family live in Toronto, Canada.
Ben has an older brother, Jeff.
Jeff is 15 years old.
Ben also has a younger sister, Maggi.
She's 8 years old.
This is Ben's father, Paul.
Paul own his own business.
He owns 4 restaurants.
They're Italian restaurants.
His business is good.
His business is very good.
So, he earns a lot of money.
They live in a very large house.
It's a very expensive house.
They have 2 cars.
Both cars are expensive cars.

Ben's mother, Kathy, doesn't have job.
She takes care of their home.
She also takes care of their garden
Their garden is behind their house.
She grows flowers and vegetables.
She's also an excellent cook.
She can cook many different kinds of food.
She can cook Italian and French food.
She can also cook India food.
Ben likes sports.
He wants to be a hockey player.
He doesn't like school, but he wants a sports scholarship.
So he studies hard and exercises every day.
Jeff doesn't like sports.
He wants to be a doctor.
He wants to go to a great university.
Maggi wants to be an actress.
She takes dance lessons.
She also likes to sing.
She wants to be a famous movie star.

2018-10-04 17:00:20
It's windy today.
The windy is blowing.
It's rainy.
It's the rainy, So take an umbrella.
It's cloudy weather.
It's cloudy, So we can't see the sun.
It's cold today.
It's cold, so wear a coat.
Smog.
It's smoggy, so wear a mask.

Cross a street.
They're crossing a street.
Look at something.
He is looking at a clock.
Walk through.
He's is walking through the doorway.
Run around.
They're running around a track.
Go into.
He's going into a room.
Come out.
She's coming out of a room.
Sitting on a bench.
She's sitting on a bench.
Standing in an elevator
He's standing in an elevator.
Pushing the door open.
She's pushing the door open.
Pulling the door open.
She's pulling the door open.
Sitting at a table.
He's sitting at a table.

A: Would you like to have breakfast together?
B: Sure, let's have breakfast together.
   Do you know a good place?
A: Yes, There's a nice coffee shop in the shopping center.
B: Which shopping center?
A: The shopping center on 1st Avenue.
   It's near the subway stop.
B: Oh, I know that one.
   There's a Starbucks there too.
A: Yes, there is, but I like the other shop.
   There're too many people at Starbucks.
B: Okey, Can we get a good breakfast there?
A: I think so. And It's not expensive.
   What do you like for breakfast?
B: I like eggs for breakfast.
A: Me too, They have eggs with potatoes and toast.
B: Great, I like potatoes with my eggs.
A: Do you drink coffee with your breakfast?
B: Yes, I usually have coffee with my breakfast.
   What about you?
A: No. I don't have coffee. I usually have tea.
   Is there anything else you like?
B: Yes there is. I usually have fruit juice like orange juice.
   How about you?
A: Me too.
B: Okey, let's go. Let's take the subway.
A: Hey, wait a minute. I don't have my subway card.
B: Where is it?
A: It's in my apartment, in my coat.
   I'll be right back.
B: Great, I'm getting hungry.

2018-10-05 22:37:32
Here is a bus schedule at a bus stop.
It has the schedule for 3 buses between 8:00 and 9:30 in the morning.
Bus No.38 has a regular schedule.
It comes every 15 minutes.
8:10, 8:25, 8:40, 8:55, 9:10, 9:25
Bus No.47 comes less often.
It comes at 8:20, 8:45 and 9:25.
Bus No.60 is the earliest bus.
It comes at 8:05 ,8:30 and 9:00.
Bus No.38 has stops at the main train station and the airport.
Bus No.60 stops at the main train station but doesn't go to the airport.
Bus No.47 doesn't go to either the main train station or the airport.

2018-10-06 21:39:46
This is our planet, Earth.
It has the shape of a sphere, like a ball.
The equator divides the Earth into 2 halves.
The northern half is the northern hemisphere.
The southern half is the southern hemisphere.
Europe and Asia are both in the northern hemisphere.
Australia and a third of Africa are in the southern hemisphere.
The Earth moves in 2 ways.
First, it spins, or rotates.
It rotates around its axis.
The axis is a line through its center.
It takes the Earth 24 hours to complete a rotation. 
That is the length of one day.
Second, the Earth travels around the Sun.
It takes about 365 days for the Earth to go around the Sun.
That is length of one year.
Its average speed during the year is about 30 kilometers per second.
The Earth's axis is not perpendicular to the Sun.
The Earth's axis is tilted
It is titled at an angle of around 23.5 degrees.
This tilt causes the seasons of the year.
During a part of the year, the northern hemisphere is tilted toward the Sun.
When the northern hemisphere is tilted toward the Sun,It's summer.
When the northern hemisphere is tilted away from the Sun, It's winter.
This is why the seasons are opposite for the northern and southern hemispheres.
When it's summer in Australia ,It's winter in Europe.
What would happened if the Earth's tilt were different than it is now?
If the Earth's tilt were larger, summers would be hotter.
If the Earth's tilt were smaller, summers would be cooler.
If the Earth had no tilt at all, There would be no seasons.
Therefore, the angle of tilt is very important for life on Earth.
The Earth is 93 million miles from the Sun.
The Sun is at the center of our solar system.
Our solar system has several planets which orbit around it.
Our planet is the third planet from the Sun.
If the Earth were closer to the Sun, our planet would be hotter.
If the Earth were farther from the Sun, our planet would be colder.
Therefore, the distance between the Earth and the Sun is very important.

2018-10-08 21:52:21
Winter is the coldest time of the year.
Winter nights are long and days are short.
Summer is the hottest time of the year.
Summer nights are short and days are long.
Spring comes after winter and before summer.
Spring is when trees turn green.
Autumn, or fall, comes after summer and before winter.
Autumn is when trees turn many colors and leaves fall to the ground.
Some countries have a rainy season.
In rainy season, it rains almost every day.

2018-10-11 00:02:41
This boy has a broken leg.
He can't walk without crutches.
This girl has a sore throat.
She doesn't feel good because her throat hurts.
This girl is vomiting.
She ate something bad, so she's throwing up.
This boy has a fever.
His temperature is 39.5° degrees Celsius.
This girl has a headache.
She doesn't feel good because her headaches.

2018-10-11 23:17:06
A: I really hate this cold winter weather.
B: Really? I don't mind it. It's not so bad.
A: First, It's really cold.
   Second, I don't like the the short days and long nights.
   It's always dark.
B: Sure, but it'll be over soon. Spring is coming and warnmer weather.
A: Yes, And longer days.
B: What about summers? Do you like hot weather?
A: I don't like summer weather in there.
B: Is it too hotter for you?
A: It's too hot. Everyday is hot and humid.
   So I always feel tired and thirsty.
B: Yes me too, so I take shower twice a day.
   So, which is worse, summer or winter?
A: Good question. I guess i prefer winter.
   What about you?
B: Well, I prefer winter too. I don't mind the long nights.
   Of cause, the best seasons are Spring and Autumn.
A: Which of those do you prefer?
B: Between those two, I prefer Autumn.
A: Why do you prefer Autumn?
B: I love it when the leaves turn different colors.
A: I agree with you. I guess Autumn is my favorite season too.
B: I'm surprised, Tom. I thought you would prefer Spring.
A: Why is that?
B: Everything is young and new in Spring, right?
A: Well, Maybe I'll change my mind.

2018-10-13 00:06:46
A: Excuse me, When is the next bus?
B: To where?
A: To the train station?
B: let's look at the bus schedule.
A: Which bus goes to the train station?
B: Bus's 38 and 60 both go to the train station.
A: It's 8:59 now, so I just missed No.38.
B: Right, It came a few minutes ago.
   The next bus to the train station comes at 9 o'clock.
A: Yes, I hope it isn't late. The traffic is heavy.
B: Oh look, the No.60 is coming now, right on schedule.
A: Great, thanks for your help.
B: You are welcome. Have a good day.
A: You too.

2018-10-14 00:08:47
Dan is a pilot.
He flies airplanes to all parts of the world.
This was his schedule yesterday, which was Sunday.
He woke up at 6:30.
After waking up he got out of bed and brushed his teeth.
After that he took a shower.
He and his wife ate breakfast together at 7:15.
He had a big breakfast of eggs, potatoes and fruit.
They finished eating at 7:30.
After eating, he put on his uniform.
At 8:00, They left the house and his wife drove him to the airport.
The traffic was heavy, So it took 45 minutes to get to the airport.
They arrived at the airport at 8:45.
After going through security he checked the weather along the flight path.
At 9:30, he boarded the plane.
He and his co-pilot talked about flight.
By 10:30, The passengers were all on board.
They pushed back from the gate at 10:45.
From the gate, it took 10 minutes to go to the runway.
There were two airplanes in front of them, So they had to wait.
They finally entered the runway at 11:10, which was 5 minutes behind schedule.
Two minutes later, at 11:12, they took off for Beijing.
The flight from San Francisco to the Beijing took 12 hours.
They landed in the afternoon, one day later.
In Beijing it was already Monday.
After leaving the aircraft, He took a bus to his hotel in Beijing.
He checked in at 6 pm, He went up to his room.
When He got to his room, he took a shower.
Then he went downstairs and ate dinner.
After eating, He went back to his room and watched some TV.
At 10:00, he went to bed fell asleep.
The day after tomorrow, He'll fly back to San Francisco.
His wife and children will be happy to see him.
They always miss him when he is away.

2018-10-18 00:51:52
Ben often buys lunch at school.
He usually spends around $5 for lunch.
Here are prices of some of the things on the menu.
Sandwiches are a dollar 50 cents.
Ben likes sandwiches, but yesterday he had 2 slices of pizza.
A slice of pizza costs same as a sandwich.
He also had some fruit.
He had a banana which was a dollar.
He was hungry, so he also had salad.
The salad costs a dollar 25 cents.
He had a bottle of water from home, So he didn't buy anything to drink.
Altogether his lunch cost 5 dollars and 25 cents.
He enjoyed his lunch, because the pizza was good.

2018-10-19 23:55:56
Airplanes are the fastest way to travel a long distance.
Airplane travel is one of the safest ways to travel. 
This is a truck, lorry.
Trucks carry and deliver many of the things we buy and use each day.
Buses are a good way to travel in a city.
A bus can carry many passengers and is less expensive than a taxi.
Buses can carry more passengers than a taxi or truck.
Ships transport freight, such as oil or automobiles, across the oceans.
Some ships carry passengers on ocean curies.
Ambulances carry sick or injured people to a hospital.
If someone is in an accident, call for an ambulance.
One very famous passenger ship, was the Titanic.

2018-10-21 00:21:39
This boy has a cut on his finger.
He cuts his finger with a knife, so now it's bleeding.
This girl is coughing.
She is coughng because she has a bad cold.
This boy has diarrhea.
He ate someting bad, so his stomach hurts.
This person is dead.
He's dead because he was hit by the car.
This man is drunk.
He's drunk because he drank too much wine.

2018-10-22 22:30:27
A: Tom, can you help me? Here some homework questions.
B: Sure, I'll help you if I can. What's a question?
A: What would happen to the seasons if the Earth stoped to rotating.
B: Stoped to rotating? You mean the Earth would always face the same drection?
A: Right, So what day would be a year-long?
B: Wow! That's a difficult question.
   So, each seaon would be one fourth of a year?
A: I don't konw, I'm not sure.
B: During the summer, the sun would always be up. It would be very hot.
A: And during the winter, it would always be dark, right?
B: Yes, I think that's right.
A: Maybe they wouldn't be any spring or fall.
B: Hey, I don't know.
A: Okey, let's check that on the Internet.

2018-10-25 21:19:46
A: Hey, Why are you sitting there? Where's your lunch?
B: I left it at home.
A: Let's go to the cafeteria and get lunch together.
B: No, I can't.
A: Why not?
B: I don't have any moneny, I left my money at home.
A: That's ok. I have enough money. You pay me back tomorror.
B: Thanks, I am hungry.
A: What would you like?
B: That pizza looks good.
A: I had a pizza yesterday and it wasn't very good.
   It didn't have much taste.
B: How about the sandwhiches?
A: Sometimes they are ok. But hotdogs are usually good and never bad.
B: So what are you going to get?
A: I think I'll have a hotdog and a banana. I am tired of pizza and noodles.
   What about something to drink?
B: Oh just water. The soft drinks have too much sugar.
   I don't want to gain weight. 
A: Ok I'll have the same thing.
B: Great, so the total cost is how much?
A: 2 hot dogs 2 bananas and 2 bottles of water. That's 6 dollars.
B: Do you have enough?
A: No problem. I've get 10 dollars.
B: Thanks again, I'll pay you back tomorrow.
A: No problem, Don't worried about it.
B: My mom isn't going to be happy.
A: why is that?
B: She made my lunch and I left it at home.
A: Oh I see. my parents are like that too.

2018-10-28 17:24:37
Last night, Lisa came home later than usual.
It was raining and she didn't have her umbrella.
When she got home, she was cold and wet.
She was tired and she didn't feel well.
She got out of her wet clothes and went to bed.
She just wanted to sleep.
This morning, She woke up with a bad cold.
She had a headahc and a sore throat.
Her monther took her temperature.
Her temperature was 39 degrees, So she had a fever!
Her mother told her to stay in bed.
Lisa's sore throat hurt a lot,So her mother called the doctor.
She made an appointment for 11:00.
Lisa got out of bed at 10:00, and got dressed.
At 10:15, They left their apartment.
It was still raining, so they took a taxi.
They got to the doctor‘s office at 10:45.
Her mother give Lisa's name to the receptionst.
Then they sat in the waiting-room.
They waited for 10 minutes.
Then a nurse came and took Lisa into another room.
The nurse weighed Lisa and took her temperature.
Then Lisa waited for the doctor.
When the doctor came, he looked down her throat.
He listened to her heartbeat.
The he gave her a shot.
The shot hurt a litte,but Lisa didn't mind.
She wanted it to help her feel better.
After leaving the doctor's office, they went to a pharmacy.
Her mother bought some medicine.
Then they took a taxi home.
For the rest of the day, Lisa stayed in bed.
She took some medicine and drank a lot of liquids.
She slept for a couple of hours.
Then she listened to some music.
By 6:00 she was feeling much better.
Now she's thinking about tomorrow.
She's looking forward to going to school.
She doesn't want to stay home again.
But she may have to stay home.
She can't return to school until her cold is gone.
She doesn't want her friends to catch her cold.

2018-10-30 23:22:28
Yesterday, there was a terrible accident.
It happend in front of a subway station.
There was a acrosswalk and the light was red.
Cars were coming from all directions.
A young man wanted to cross the street.
He didn't want to wait for the light to change.
He looked both ways, and then started to run across the street.
But he didn't see one car, and it hit him.
He flew up into the air and came down on the road.
His head was injured and he was bleeding.
Several people used their phones to call for an ambulance.
It arrived a few minutes later and took the man away.
We still don't know if he lived or died.
Hopefully he's alived and will get better soon.
So be careful when you cross a street.

2018-11-01 00:08:54
Every needs food and water.
Without food and water, we cannot live.
People need a place to live in and sleep.
We need a place to keep us dry in rainy weather.
We nedd a good health to keep us strong.
Dailly exercise is a good way to stay in good health.
We need skills to find a good job.
Without good job skills ,we can't keep a good job.
We need money to buy things, such as food.
Without money, it's very diffcult to have a good life.

2018-11-01 19:31:25
Ice is the solid state of water.
The freezing point of water is zero dregees Celsius.
This is the liquid state of water.
Liquids take the shape of their container, Such as this glass.
Water vapor is the gaseous state of water.
Water becomes a gas at 100 degrees Celsius, which is its boiling point.
We use a scale like this to weigh things.
1 kilogram is equal to 2.2 ponds.
This is a thermometer.
We use thermometers like this to measure temperature.

2018-11-02 14:58:26
A: I didn't see Angel today, did she come to office?
B: No she didn't.She stayed home. She sick.
A: Sick? What's wrong with her?
B: She has a bad store throat and a headache. She stay in bed.
A: Oh, that's too bad. She looked fine yesterday.
B: She was fine yesterday, but last night she got wet in the rain.
A: Didn't she have an umbrella?
B: No she didn't so she really got wet.
   It's a long walk from the subway to her home.
   She didn't get home until late.
A: It was really raining last night. I got wet too and I had my umbrella.
   It was that strong wind.
B: My unmbrella wasn't much help either. so it was better than nothing.
A: Anyway, when you see her tell her to get better soon.
   We miss her at office.
   There's also an important meeting the day after tomorrow.
   I hope she can be there.
B: Okey I'll call her and let her know.
A: If she can't be here, we can set up a conference call.
   So please let me know.
B: I will.

2018-11-05 18:30:45
A: I saw a terrible accident yesterday.
B: What happend?
A: I was waiting to cross 3rd street and light was red.
B: Yes many don't want to wait for that light.
   It takes a long time for the light to change.
A: So this young didn't want to wait.
   He ran out into traffic and a car hit him.
B: So he didn't see the car?
A: Right he didn't see it and it was going too fast to stop.
B: So what happen to him?
A: The driver got out of the car and stayed next to him.
   He was just lying there.
   I went out to direct traffic and several other people called for an ambulance.
B: How long does it take for the ambulance to arrive?
A: It didn't take long. I think it only took 10 minutes.
B: How was the young man when the ambulance arrived?
A: His eyes were open there was blood came out of his mouth.
   It didn't look  good.
B: Did police come?
A: Yes they got there just before the ambulance.
B: Did they ask you any questions?
A: Yes they did. They asked a lot of questions.
   So I told them what happend.
B: What about the driver of the car?
A: When the ambulane left, he was siting in his car.
   The police were talking to him.
B: What happened afther that?
A: I don't know, because I had to get home.
B: How did you feel?
A: I kept thinking about it. From now on, I will be more careful crossing the street.
B: me too.

2018-11-07 23:49:26
Here are 4 people.
Two of them are tall.
The man on the top left is very tall.
He is 6 feet 3 inches tall, which is about 1.9 meters.
The woman on the top right is 5 feet 11 inches tall.
She is tall but not as tall as the man on the left.
The girl on the bottom left is short.
She is less than 5 feet tall.
She is 4 feet 10 inches, which is about 147 centimeters.
The boy on the bottom right is taller than the girl.
He is 5 feet 1 inch tall, which is about 155 centimeters.
He is 3 inches taller than she is.
Now let's look at their weight.
The man on the top left is the heaviest.
He weighs 220 pounds, which is 100 kilograms.
The woman weighs less than he does.
She weighs 130 pounds, which is 59 kilograms.
The girl on the left is very thin.
She doesn't weigh very much.
Her weight is just 70 pounds.
The boy is much heavier.
He weighs 90 pounds, which is about 41 kilograms.

2018-11-08 21:51:35
This is what kathy did yesterday.
She got up at 6:30 and cooked breakfast for her family.
At 7:30, She drove her children to school.
It took about 45 minutes to take them to school.
After driving them to school she returned home.
For the next hour, she cleaned the house.
Then she talked to a friend on the phone.
They decided to meet at a shoping mall.
She arrived at the mall at 11:45.
She meet her friend in a coffee shop.
They ate lunch together and then they went shopping.
There was a big sale at one of the stores.
There were discounts of up to 50%, so they bought clothes for kids.
At 1:30, her friend wanted to go to a fitness center.
They usually worked out three times a week.
But yesterday Kathy had a headache.
She decided not to work out.
Instead, she decided to go home.
When she got home her headache was worse.
She took some medicine and had a short nap.
After her nap, she felt a bit better.
Her headache was gone.
Her kids came home at 5:00.
They were all hungry, but she didn't feel like cooking.
Instead, She decided to order some food.
She ordered some chinese food.
45 minutes later, the delivery man came.
She paid him for the food and then they ate dinner.
The food was good and not very expensive.
It was a nice change.
Her husband didn't come home until late.
That was good, because he doesn't like chinese food.

2018-11-12 21:59:28
Here are somethings to listen to.
Most people enjoy listening to music.
There are many types of music, including classical and jazz.
Listening to the radio.
We can listen to the news, music and conversation on the raido.
Listening to the sounds of city.
The sounds of the city are often loud and noisy.
Listening to the sounds of nature.
Early in the morning we can often hear the sound of birds singing.
Listening to other people.
Sometimes listening to others is interesting.

2018-11-14 13:38:34
Here are some school subjects.
In sicence class we learn about our world.
Science is where we learn about forces, Such as gravity.
In math class we learn about numbers and the shapes.
We learn how to count and how to find the area of different shaps.
In history class we learn about the past.
We learn about how our country began and how it has changed.
In geography class we learn about the land and people of our planet, Earth.
We learn about ocean, mountains and rivers.
In literature class we read and study great books and poems.
We learn to write down our ideas and we learn how others think and feel.
We learn why it is important to take care of the Earth.

2018-11-15 22:32:59
A: Lisa don't forget to take your things to school today.
B: I will mom. I am sorry about yesterday.
A: And remeber to pay back the money you owe.Do you have enough money?
B: I won't forget and I have enough money.
A: How much it is that?
B: I have 15 dollars.
A: Do you need anything eles?
B: No I don't think so.
A: Are you ready for your history test?
B: Yes I'm ready,I did all the homework.
A: What about your iphone? Do you have it?
B: Oh thanks, It is in my room. Could you get it for me?
A: Oh, you'll have to get it for yourself. Then maybe you won't forget it again.
B: Hey I can't find it. It's not on my bed.Could you call me?
A: Okey I'm calling you now and it is ringing. Do you hear it?
B: No I don't, I don't hear it.
A: Why don't you look in the bathroom. Maybe you left it there.
B: Okey, I will look in the bathroom.
A: It's getting late, so hurry, or you'll miss your bus.
B: Yes I hear it. It is in the bathroom. I put it there when I brushed my teeth.
A: Good, Now hopefully you have eveything you need for today.
B: Thank mom. I think I have everything.
A: Good luck with your test. I won't be here when you come home this afternoon.
B: Okey, have a good day.

2018-11-19 00:45:25
A: Good morning, Docter's office.
B: Hello, My little girl has a bad sore throat.
   We'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible.
A: Can it wait until tomorrow?
B: No it can't wait until tomorrow.
   If the doctor can't see her today, could we see someone else?
A: Let me check his schedule. Yes, He has time at 11:00.
   She may have to wait.
B: That's ok. we can wait.
A: Okey, Your last name plese?
B: Jaskson
A: Okey Miss.Jackson. Dose your little girl have a fever?
B: Yes she dose. It's around 39.
A: Please have her stay in bed, And drink plenty of liquids.
   Some tea may help with pain.
B: Thank you. We'll be there at 11:00