2018-09-07 20:59:41
Seiko is a nurse.
She works in a hospital in the center of Tokeyo.
She takes a bus to and from work.
The trip from home to the hospital takes about 30 minutes.
Her schedule varies.
She usually works 4 or 5 days a week.
In some weeks she works late at night.
In other weeks she works during a day.
When she finishes work, she's always tired.

Seiko works very hard. But she likes her job.
She likes to help her patients.
Some of her patients are very old.
Some of them are very close to death.
Some of them are very young.
They have long life ahead. - 他们还有很长的未来生活
Some of her patients have broken bones.
It takes time for them to get better.

She also enjoys working with the doctors.
The doctors in her hospital are very good.
She and the doctors work well together.
They do their best to help the patients.
She thinks it's an excellent hospital.
She's happy work here.

A triangle.
A triangle has 3 sides.
In this triangle, sides AB and BC are perpendicular to each other. - 在这个三角形内，AB和BC相互垂直。

A square.
A square has 4 equal sides.
All 4 angles are right angles, or 90-degress.
Two intersecting lines.
These 2 lines intersect, or cross, at a 90-degree angle.
They are perpendicular to each other.
A circle is round.
All points on a circle are the same distance from its center.
Two parallel lines.
These 2 lines never intersect, because they are parallel.

Watch something.
They are watching a moive on television.
Meet someone.
He is meeting her for the first time.
Talk with someone
He is talking with a friend on his phone.
Work with someone.
She is working with her co-worker.
Interview someone.
She is interviewing a famous basketball player.


2018-09-08 13:32:02
A box.
This box has 3 dimensions: length, weight and height.
Its length and weight are both 1 centimeter
Its height is 1.5 centimeters.
A grey ball.
This ball weighs 1 kilogram or 2.2 pounds.
A moving car.
This car's speed is 60 miles per hour or about 97 kilometers an hour.
Two moving cars.
These two cars are moving in the opposite direction.
The red car is going west and the green car is going east.
Two purses.
These two purses are look the same, but their cost is quite different.
The purse on the left costs $100 more than the purse on the right.

A: "Good evening, sir."
   "May I help you?"
B: "Good evening."
   "I'd like a room please."
A: "Do you have a reservation?"
B: "No, I'm afraid not."
A: "No reservation?"
   "I'm sorry, sir."
   "We don't have any rooms for tonight."
B: "I really need a room"
   "Don't you have anything?"
A: "No sir, We're completely full."
B: "Is there another hotel nearby?"
   "Can you recommend one?"
A: "There is another 5-star hotel just down the street."
   "Maybe they still have rooms."
B: "Yes, I know that hotel. It's too expensive."
   "Do you know any other hotels nearby?"
A: "Well, There's a 3-star hotel not far away."
   "The rooms are small, but it's clean."
B: "Could you give me its number?"
A: "I can call them for you if you like."
B: "Yes, could you?"
。。。
A: "Sir, I called them and they have serveral rooms."
   "You can go there now and check in it."
B: "Thanks, I'll stay there tonight".
   "How about tomorrow night? Do you have any rooms for tomorrow night?"
A: "Yes, I think we do."
B: "Okay, I'd like to reserve a room for the next 3 nights."
   "Here's my credit card. What time can I check in tomorrow ?"
A: "Check in time is 2:30."
B: "Okay, I'll back at 2:30 tomorrow. Thanks for your help."
A: "You are welcome, sir."

2018-09-10 15:57:00
This is what Lisa did earlier today.
This morning, She got up at 6:30;
She got dressed, between 6:30 to 6:40.
It took 10 minutes for her to get dressed.
At 6:45, she ate breakfast.
After breakfast she brushed her teeth.
She left for school at 7 o'clock.
This morning she took the subway to school.
It took 45 minutes to get to school.
She got to school at 7:45.
Her first class began at 8 o'clock.
At twelve, she had lunch with her friends.
After lunch she had classes until 2:50.
She left school around 3 o'clock.
She got home a few minutes ago, at 3:45.
This is what Lisa is going to do for the rest of the day.
It's now 3:50 and she is cleaning her room.
She is putting away her clothes.
She is also deciding what she's going to wear tomorrow.
In about 10 minutes, she's going to practice the piano.
She usually practices for about 45 minutes.
After practicing ,She's going to do some homework.
She does homework until dinner time which is at 6:00.
After dinner she's going to wash the dishes.
From 7:00 until around 9:00, she's going to her homework.
She may call her friends on the phone, so they can work together.
After finishing her homework she's going to read.
She's reading a very book.
She stated it last week.
Tonight, she's going to finish it.
After she finishes it, She'll turn off the light and go to sleep.

2018-09-12 21:38:13
This sunday, Dan's going to have a party.
It's going to be at his house.
The best way to go there is by subway.
If you go by car, there's no place to park.
These are the directions to Dan's house.
Take the subway to west 8th street.
Go out the North exit.
In front of the exit is a park.
Turn right and go two blocks, to 3rd Avenue.
When you get there turn left and go about 50 meters.
The house will be on your right.
The address is 755 3rd Avenue.
Sometimes there's a large dog in front of the house.
Don't be afraid. It won't bite.

A cube.
A cube is a 3 dimensional object with equal sides.
A circle.
A circle has a radius and a diameter.
A sphere.
A sphere is round and has shape of a ball.
Perpendicular lines.
Perpendicular lines meet at a 90-degree angle.
Area.
The area of a rectangle is its length times its width.
Volume.
The volume of a cube is it its length times its width times its height.
Fingers.
We have 5 fingers on each hand.
We use our fingers to hold things.
Toes.
We have 5 toes on each foot.
They're at the end of each foot.
Legs.
We use our legs to walk.
Our feet are at the end of each leg.
Arms.
We use our arms to carry thing.
Our hands are at the end of each arm.
teeth
Our teeth are in our mouse.
We use our teeth to chew food.
